Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56 % , and a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including airplanes , missiles , ships , tanks and communications equipment .
But a Commerce Department analyst said that in both months orders would have risen had it not been for a drop in civilian aircraft bookings , a category that is showing declines only after a huge surge earlier this year .
The subscribers are in 52 different communities in Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi .
Your Oct. 2 editorial `` Reding , Wrighting & Erithmatic '' on the recent `` education summit '' was like most pieces on the subject of education : It had little to say .
What far too many people concerned about education either fail to understand or choose to ignore is that American children , on the whole , are among the most undisciplined in the world , making any attempt at improvements in the mode of education potentially unsuccessful .
PRIME RATE : 10 1|2 % .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.475 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP .
Its government still wants to sit in the driver 's seat , set the speed , step on the gas , apply the brakes and steer , with 120 million people in the back seat .
Instead , it seems to be using foreign pressure and even the trade conflict to expand its sphere of influence vis a vis other ministries .
The rest of the world accepted such methods when Japan was developing .
The Diet plays a minor role compared with the powerful bureaucratic system .
A recent example is the 3 % consumption tax on all commercial activities .
100 % captured .
While people were jingling their change , the LDP politicians were caught in scandals .
The U.S.-Japan Security Treaty can continue , sort of .
It was as easy as collecting sea shells at Malibu .
Since this treasure chest is too big to fit in a bank vault , it has been turned into one .
Today , no one gets in or out of the restricted area without De Beers 's stingy approval .
None made it past the body searches and X-rays of mine security .
Property-tax relief is likely .
Needs are n't clear , and the state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult .
If the IRS seeks late-payment interest because of the lost check , you should request interest abatement , publisher Prentice Hall notes .
REPORTS OF PAYMENTS to independent contractors for services must be filed by businesses , but do n't bet that contractors ' unreported income will be detected that way .
Seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows vary from those for other coin-operated amusements without serving a substantial government interest and are unconstitutional , the ninth-circuit appeals court holds for Acorn Investments Inc .
Blue-chip advertisers have plenty of complaints about the magazines they advertise in , ranging from inadequate consumer research to ad `` clutter '' and a seemingly unchecked proliferation of special interest magazines .
Reuben Mark , chief executive of Colgate-Palmolive , said advertisers lack detailed demographic and geographic breakdowns of magazines ' audiences .
Leonard Lauder , president and chief executive officer of Estee Lauder , said consumer magazines are suffering from what he called `` niche-itis , '' the increasing number of magazines that target the idosyncratic interests of readers .
The builders are more willing to give up some equity and rely on management and consulting fees to stay afloat in the soft market .
The hotel is scheduled to open in 1992 .
But no matter how much Japan gets under our skin , we 'll still have mom and apple pie .
New apple trees grow slowly , and the Red Delicious is almost as entrenched as mom .
A good Delicious can indeed be delicious .
More than twice as many Red Delicious apples are grown as the Golden variety , America 's No. 2 apple .
He bites it , scowls and throws it down .
Once somebody eats one , they get hooked .
It ripens later than most apples , and growing it in U.S. areas with chilly autumns may be tricky .
The firms have all said that West Virginia 's suit is without merit .
Farmers Home Administration ( FmHA ) loans have turned into de facto giveaway programs ; losses over the next three years are expected to exceed $ 20 billion .
Farm lending was enacted to correct this problem by providing a reliable flow of lendable funds .
Reducing those rates moderately ( say , to 75 % ) would still provide substantial assistance to borrowers .
In addition , it is often possible to obtain a new government loan even if existing debts are not paid off .
Predictably , guarantees outstanding have risen by $ 130 billion since 1985 , while direct loans outstanding have fallen by $ 30 billion .
A budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert spending or lending programs to guarantees and would let taxpayers know what Congress is committing them to .
The administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices , including the development of a loan loss reserve and regular outside audits .
Mr. Bush has long campaigned for passage of a bill or a constitutional amendment that would explicitly give him a line-item veto , which would enable him to kill individual items in a big spending bill without having to kill the entire bill .
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater , confirming comments made this week by Vice President Dan Quayle , said Mr. Bush is `` interested '' in finding a suitable test case .
For instance , the new U.S. package makes clear there would be a transition period during which GATT members could use a combination of tariffs and quotas to cushion their farmers from foreign competition .
Less objectionable ones would be subject only to some restraints , and others with a `` relatively minor trade impact '' would be allowed to continue under certain conditions .
The new U.S. plan also would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily .
